(Add “What is Crypto Arbitrage?” info banner/section to the app)
I already have a working crypto arbitrage web app (ArbiTradeX) with a user dashboard.
Now I want you to add a nice informational banner/section inside the app where users can read a short explanation about what crypto arbitrage is.
📌 Do NOT change any backend logic, authentication, admin, deposits, or trading logic. Only add this UI section.

1. Where to show it
Add an info section in one of the following places (choose what fits best with the current layout):


At the top or near the top of the user dashboard, or


As a dedicated section on the landing page (below the hero section)


The design should look like a clean, premium info banner that matches the current dark Binance-style theme.

2. Design of the banner
Create a reusable component, for example:
<InfoBanner /> or <CryptoArbitrageInfo />
Design guidelines:


Full-width card or section with:


Dark background (slightly lighter than page background)


Soft border and subtle shadow


Rounded corners




Left side: text content (title + paragraphs)


Right side (optional): small icon/illustration related to trading/analytics


Add a small label at the top like: “Learn” or “Education”


Optionally make it dismissible with a small “X” close button that hides it for the session.



3. Text content (use exactly this copy)
Use the following English copy inside the banner (format nicely with headings and short paragraphs):
Title:
What Is Crypto Arbitrage?
Body text:

Crypto arbitrage is a trading strategy that aims to profit from price differences of the same cryptocurrency across multiple exchanges. Instead of predicting market direction, traders exploit temporary price gaps by buying a coin where it’s cheaper and selling it where it’s more expensive, capturing the difference as profit.
Example
If Bitcoin is priced at $85,000 on Kraken but $85,400 on Binance, a trader can buy Bitcoin for $85,000 on Kraken and sell it for $85,400 on Binance. The profit is the $400 difference (before fees).
Why Do Price Differences Occur?
Cryptocurrency prices are not perfectly synchronized between exchanges. Variations in supply and demand, market liquidity, and regional activity create short-lived price differences that arbitrage traders can take advantage of.
Main Types of Crypto Arbitrage
• Cross-Exchange Arbitrage: Buy on one exchange and sell on another at a higher price.
• Triangular Arbitrage: Profit from exchange rate differences between three cryptocurrencies within the same exchange (for example BTC → ETH → XRP → BTC).
• Futures Arbitrage: Earn from price gaps between spot prices and futures contracts.
Benefits
• You don’t need to predict market trends.
• Profit comes from price gaps, not speculation.
• Often considered less risky compared to traditional trading strategies.

Make sure the text is nicely formatted with headings, bold highlights, and bullet points, matching the typography of the current UI.

4. Implementation rules


Keep all routing and existing components intact.


Only add:


The new info banner component


Any minimal styling needed (CSS/Tailwind) consistent with the existing theme




Do not alter existing business logic or APIs.



5. Result
After your changes, users should see a clear, elegant banner/section titled “What Is Crypto Arbitrage?” with the above explanation, so they can easily understand what the platform does.
